Core api reference refresh (#669)
ROCm/rocDecode: docs/how-to/using-rocDecode-video-decoder.rst

> rocDecode provides two ways of decoding a video stream: using the rocDecode RocVideoDecoder on GPU or using the FFmpeg decoder on CPU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rocDecode provides two methods fpr decoding a video stream: using the rocDecode RocVideoDecoder on the GPU or using the FFmpeg decoder on the CPU. 

```

Reviewer: Perhaps these two items should be bullets?

Author: This works better as a sentence.
